README.md, before:

![VS-logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-climate/master/assets/logo-small.jpg)
##VitalSigns-water
[project] water gauging and drainage map + line graph

### Description
Originally piloted with only water gauging stations and rivers rendered, this map looked like this:

![Water Gauge + Drain](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/TZA-sagcot.jpg)

The current map illustrates water gauging stations locations on a map of TZA, and renders data collected from those stations on selecting the station.

Here's how the map might look:
![Map of Gauging Stations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/TZA-water1.jpg)

Here's how the relationship between graph and map might look:
![Map of Gauging Station Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/VS-watermashup.jpg)

### Next steps
Visualizations are incomplete, layers need to be added to the map and data should be scrubbed to better match associated environmental data sets.

### Demo
You can find the work in progress demo [here](http://auremoser.github.io/VitalSigns-water/).

Commit message:

fixed issues with scale, label, color of dots

README.md, after:

![VS-logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-climate/master/assets/logo-small.jpg)
##VitalSigns-water
[project] water gauging and drainage map + line graph

### Description
Originally piloted with only water gauging stations and rivers rendered, this map looked like this:

![Water Gauge + Drain](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/TZA-sagcot.jpg)

The current map illustrates water gauging stations locations on a map of TZA, and renders data collected from those stations on selecting the station.

Here's how the map might look:
![Map of Gauging Stations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/TZA-water1.jpg)

Here's how the relationship between graph and map might look:
![Map of Gauging Station Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auremoser/VitalSigns-water/gh-pages/assets/VS-watermashup.jpg)

Here's how the fixed graph looks for a station that has data:
![Has_Data]()

### Next steps
Visualizations are incomplete, layers need to be added to the map and data should be scrubbed to better match associated environmental data sets.

### Demo
You can find the work in progress demo [here](http://auremoser.github.io/VitalSigns-water/).
